switch to 2.18.1, and switch openai to upstream (#763)
elastic/elastic-otel-java: docs/release-notes/breaking-changes.md

% ::::
% TEMPLATE END

> ::::{dropdown} openai instrumentation switched from openai-client to openai

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::::{dropdown} OpenAI instrumentation switched from openai-client to openai
```

> In OpenTelemetry Java agent version 2.18.0, an `openai` instrumentation module was added. This conflicted with the `openai-client` instrumentation module that was implemented in the EDOT agent. Since the `openai` module is on by default, we switched off the `openai-client` instrumentation module (previously on by default). The functionality is broadly the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OpenTelemetry Java agent version 2.18.0, an `openai` instrumentation module was added. This conflicted with the `openai-client` instrumentation module that was implemented in the EDOT agent. Since the `openai` module is on by default, we switched off the `openai-client` instrumentation module (previously on by default). The functionality is broadly the same.
```

> **Impact**<br> Small changes in span names and attributes expected. If the elastic specific `ELASTIC_OTEL_JAVA_INSTRUMENTATION_GENAI_EMIT_EVENTS` was previously set to true, this would no longer produce events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Impact**<br> Small changes in span names and attributes expected. If the elastic specific `ELASTIC_OTEL_JAVA_INSTRUMENTATION_GENAI_EMIT_EVENTS` was previously set to true, this would no longer produce events.
```

> **Action**<br> the equivalent of `ELASTIC_OTEL_JAVA_INSTRUMENTATION_GENAI_EMIT_EVENTS` is simply `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_GENAI_CAPTURE_MESSAGE_CONTENT`. If you want to revert entirely to the previous setup, you can disable the upstream implementation and enable the EDOT one, eg `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_OPENAI=false` and `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_OPENAI_CLIENT=true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Action**<br> The equivalent of `ELASTIC_OTEL_JAVA_INSTRUMENTATION_GENAI_EMIT_EVENTS` is `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_GENAI_CAPTURE_MESSAGE_CONTENT`. If you want to revert entirely to the previous setup, turn off the upstream implementation and turn on the EDOT one. For example: `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_OPENAI=false` and `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_OPENAI_CLIENT=true`
```
